Support qiskit version 0.25 (#132)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-qiskit: CHANGELOG.md

# Release 0.15.0

### New features since last release

### Breaking changes

* For compatibility with PennyLane v0.15, the `analytic` keyword argument

>   has been removed from all devices. Analytic expectation values can
>   still be computed by setting `shots=None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  has been removed from all devices. Statistics can still be computed analytically
  by setting `shots=None`.
```

This release contains contributions from (in alphabetical order):

> Olivia Di Matteo, Josh Izaac, Antal Szava

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Olivia Di Matteo, Josh Izaac, Antal Száva
```
